feat(docs): added docs for undeploy (#2003)
Altinn/altinn-studio-docs: content/altinn-studio/guides/development/undeploy/_index.en.md

---

> title: Unpublishing an App

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Unpublishing an app
```

linktitle: Unpublishing
description: Explains how to unpublish apps in Altinn Studio.
toc: true
weight: 70
---

> ## Unpublishing an App in Altinn Studio

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Unpublishing an app in Altinn Studio
```

This guide will take you through the steps to unpublish an app in Altinn Studio. Follow the steps carefully to ensure the process is completed correctly.

> ### How to Unpublish an App:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How to unpublish an app:
```

1. Go to the dashboard in Altinn Studio and select the app you want to unpublish.

> 2. Click on **Publiser** in the top menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click **Publiser** in the top menu.
```

Reviewer: Kommentar: På norsk må vi si "klikk på", mens på engelsk skriver vi kun "click".

I engelske prosedyrer er de også mer fan av å si "hvor" du er før hva du skal velge, så du kan vurdere å endre til: In the top menu, click Publiser. 

Det fungerer dårligere på norsk, så dette er et eksempel på nyanser i idiomatisk språk, som AI/oversettelsesverktøy ikke helt klare å ta hensyn til.

> 3. In the list of available environments and versions of apps, find the environment where the app should be unpublished.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. In the list of available environments and versions of apps, find the environment and the app you want to unpublish.
```

4. Click the three dots to the right of the environment name and select **Avpubliser appen**.

5. You will receive a message explaining what happens during the unpublishing process. Ensure that you understand the consequences.

6. Click the button **Avpubliser appen**.

7. A new message will appear asking you to confirm that you are sure you want to unpublish.

8. Type the app's name to confirm.

9. Click **Avpubliser**. The unpublishing process will begin, and you will see that it is in progress in the list of versions in the environment.

> 10. When the app has been unpublished, you will see it in the list of versions in the environment. It will also indicate if any errors occurred during the unpublishing process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. When the app has been unpublished, you will see it in the list of versions in the environment. The list item will also indicate if any errors occurred during the unpublishing process.
```
